a reminder of our main story this hour
at least six people have been killed in
an Israeli attack on a house in jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza Israeli
forces have been pushing further into
the camp in A Renewed offensive let's
get more on this and speak to alzer's
Tar Abu AUM who's in der Al Bala in
central Gaza so fighting seems to be
intensifying in the north T in jabalia
what more are you hearing about the
situation there
well obviously fully now the Israeli
military is so determined in order to
take full military control over the
north of this strip not only in jabalia
refugee camp where since midnight the
intensification of the Israeli
bombardment from land and a was
completely unprecedented for decades now
the entire Camp has been under the
Israeli fire as the battles are in the
heart peating areas of jabalia we saw
different videos emerging from the
military wing of Hamas about the
confrontations that are still ongoing
till now in the streets of the camp to
be completely violent and aggressive
while the Israeli forces have been
pushing more residents to flee from the
camp to the western side of Gaza City as
they are destroying dozens of
residential buildings and we have seen
videos showing how they are completely
blowing up complete residential
neighborhoods inside the camp there just
to give them a kind of military clear on
the ground in order to militarily
dismantle the fabric of the Palestinian
armed groups there but till now what we
can hear from eyewitnesses that the
bombardment is taking place on the
vicinity of Kamal adwan Hospital in B
lahia town as well as the emergency
workers are struggling to get to the
location of the targeting in order to
evacuate the injuries as people have
been killed inside the streets of
jabalia refugee camp without getting any
kind of help in order to be recovered by
the civil defense Crews but similarly
now this military plan is little bit
expanding uh that the Israeli military
tanks have surrounded the entrances of B
hananon town in the far north of the
strip where some of families have fled
from jabalia to Banu in order to take
shelter in evacuation centers there but
now the military is Evac is completely
surrounding those evacuation centers and
it ongoing fire being made uh being uh
also made by the Israeli military tanks
in that area terrifying civilians
without any kind of lit up in that area
where Israel is so Keen right now to
take full control in an area that's
supposed to be militarily dismantled in
the initial months of the war as the
military announced before fully T thank
you very much for the update that's Al
jaz's T Abu AUM reporting their live
from der Bala in central Gaza